Add world property (#22673)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/scripting/registeredcontentscript/index.md

  - : `boolean`. Specifies if this content script persists across browser restarts and updates and extension restarts. Defaults to `true`.
- `runAt` {{optional_inline}}
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef("extensionTypes.RunAt")}}. Specifies when JavaScript files are injected into the web page. The default value is `document_idle`. In Firefox, `runAt` also affects the point where the CSS is inserted. In Chrome, `runAt` does not affect the CSS insertion point.
- `world` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : The JavaScript world to run the script in. The default value is `ISOLATED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting.ExecutionWorld")}}. The execution environment for a script to execute in. The default value is `ISOLATED`.
```
